today i will show you a post-apocalyptic horror
film from 2018 titled a quiet place spoilers
ahead watch out and take care it's been 89 days
since the apocalypse people are missing and places
remain desolate children are seen silently moving
around an abandoned store one of them is sitting
on the ground and is approached by his mother who
looks for the right medicine to give him because
he's sick the eldest child is deaf but they all
communicate with sign language when the youngest
child almost drops a toy rocket its sister grabs
it swiftly before it drops and makes a noise
the father joins them and it becomes apparent
that they are on a supply run in the store
the youngest still gets the rocket toy which is
swiftly taken away by the father who is concerned
that it might be too loud once he's out of the
store the eldest gives the littlest back his toy
unaware that he will also take the batteries back
it's slowly getting dark as they are seen walking
barefoot back to their home with the youngest
trailing back behind the group suddenly toy sounds
are hurt in the background the group panics as
the father is running towards the littlest child
the mother holds her scream before the father
can get to the child a creature appears from
the woods and cuts right traffic more than a
year after the event the family is trying to
cope with what has happened the eldest is
traumatized and the father obsessed with
both the event itself as well as finding means
of communication with other people via radio
the middle child wants to drive a car but he
knows that won't be possible he walks back to
their underground home where the pregnant mother
is trying to create a warm nest for her baby
the father can't let go of the memory of their
child that died but the mother aware of the
situation they are in is preparing a very special
crib for the child to come sitting on the top of
a silo the father lights a fire and searches
for other fires that light up in the distance
a sign that other people are still alive the
same night they have dinner together using
leaves for plates and their hands so they don't
make a sound even praying in complete silence
after dinner the kids cause a small fire resulting
in the father making noises to extinguish it
the family becomes even more quiet waiting for
the creatures to arrive listening for them above
ground the creatures don't come for them this time
later the father is seen fixing the daughter's
hearing aid in the basement when the mother
joins him there they dance and she plays music
for him on your pods the next day the mother
is performing her daily physical examination
it can be seen that her due date is coming soon
she listens to the baby's heartbeat meanwhile
the daughter goes to the house and prepares to
walk down the basement when her father suddenly
garbs her and tells her she can't go down there
he shows her the hearing aid he's been working on
explaining that it will work this time she refuses
to take it but he puts it in her hand nevertheless
later the mother is giving the sun math lessons
but the father walks in and tells them it's time
to go the son isn't happy about it so his mother
reassures him that everything will be all right
she tells him that he needs to learn those
things so he could take care of her in the future
the son and the father are preparing to leave
the daughter insists to join them but the father
doesn't allow it and leaves with a boy devastated
the girl runs to her room where she tries the new
hearing aid only to find out that it didn't work
as expected she gets more flustered so she starts
packing a bag and puts an important wrapped
item inside last the father and son come up to
a river where the father explains that the river
masks small sound so the kid shouldn't be afraid
he tells him that louder sounds can
be made if nosier things are nearby
the daughter is seen leaving the farm inside
the mother is carrying on with her house duties
when a laundry bag she's pulling gets stuck on a
nail in the stairway almost tipping her over the
father and son go up to a waterfall and suddenly
the father starts howling and scares the boy he
tells him that it's all right and encourages him
to hell as well back at the farm the mother goes
inside the house walking around nostalgically
the girl is walking trough the woods away
from their home and back at the waterfall the
father and son have a conversation about her
the boy tells him that she blames herself for what
happened with the youngest child the daughter is
seen walking up to the place where her little
brother died meanwhile a mother is in his room
crying the girl leaves the toy rocket on the grave
as the father and son are still talking the son
tells his father that he should tell his daughter
that he still loves her later that day the two of
them are walking back trough the woods and come
across an old rundown house as they pass by it an
old man appears suddenly and they stop next to him
lays the dead body of a woman the father notices
the man is about to scream and hushes him but the
man screams from the top of his lungs nevertheless
the father grabs the sun and hides then watches
as one of the creatures tears the old man apart
back at the house the mother is still in the dead
child's room when her water breaks she tries to
keep collected as the pain from the contractions
comes in and walks toward the basement
walking down the stair while she steps
directly on a nail letting out a small cry
she changes the color of the lights outside so the
others know what's happening and as she prepares
to leave one of the creatures appears inside the
house it's rampaging inside while she stays in
the basement and finds a timer the contractions
are becoming stronger in the meantime the father
and son arrive at the farm and notice the change
in the lights back at the basement the mother is
hiding as the creature comes down and is searching
for the origin of the noise it heard before
its giant ear latches onto the ticking sound
of the timer and when it goes off the creature
can't hear the mother running up the stairs
unfortunately there is a second one in front of
the house as the father and son find out too the
father gives the boy the task of switching on a
device that is louder so they can help the mother
back inside the house she's lying down in a tub
ready to have the baby when suddenly she
hears one of the creatures coming inside
in the meantime the boy is lighting up a fireworks
and the father is prepping a shotgun the moment
she starts pushing explosions are hurt in the
background and she lets out an enormous scream
as fireworks explode over the farm the
father runs toward the house with a shotgun
the daughter sees the fire works as well and runs
toward the farm back at the house the father is
seen coming up the stairs toward the bathroom but
the mother isn't in the tub he sees the blood and
thinks of the worst when she pops up from behind
the shower screen baby noises are heard as the
two of them kiss meanwhile the sun is walking
back trough the crops when he hears a noise
one of the creatures is heard going after him as
he runs when he suddenly face plants into a giant
wheel the father is carrying the mother and the
newborn to their home when the baby starts crying
he manages to go deeper underground and cover
the hole with a mattress as a creature is seen
following their sounds underground the baby is
crying and above the creature is trashing around
the father puts the newborn in its special
crib which dampens the sounds of its crying
back in the crop the daughter sees a light between
the plants as a creature is walking up to her
she doesn't hear it the creature launches onto
the tiny sounds from her aid and the thing starts
emitting a horrible sound that disturbs the girl
and agitates the creature so that it runs away
in the meantime the father and mother are safely
underground she asks about the other children and
he comforts her the mother starts talking about
their dead child blaming herself for what happened
she makes the father promise her that he will
protect their other children in the crop the girl
follows the light and finds her brother the father
leaves the hiding place to go search for them but
doesn't notice that the basement is flooding the
kids are on top of the silo lighting the same
fire the father lit up the previous night but they
run out of gas and the brother comforts his sister
the father looks for them on the security
monitors but is unable to find them
underground the mother is woken up by the incoming
water and instantly notices a creature down there
with her in the baby it dives under the water
but as she picks up her child it comes up again
she hides behind a wall of pouring water as the
creature follows meanwhile the father arrives at
the crop and the children argue on top of the silo
when suddenly the boy drops inside making a noise
that everything can hear except his sister when
she realizes what happened she finds him inside
falling deeper in the corn the creatures are
rushing toward the silo as the sister jumps in to
help but instead gets rescued by the brother from
drowning in the corn the father is coming to save
them but there is a creature inside already as the
children are hiding from it the girl's earpiece
acts up again and chases the creature away at the
house the mother goes up to check what's happening
on the monitors as the father rushes up toward the
silo he reunites with the children but they hear a
creature close by so he tells them to run toward
the truck the father stays behind to protect them
suddenly the creature appears and before he can
hit it throws him on the side the boy screams
as the mother is seeing it all play out on the
monitors the creature follows the scream and
attacks the truck but fortunately the father
is still alive he sees that the children are
defenseless inside of the vehicle and after saying
goodbye screams to attract the attention of the
creature the boy pushes the truck into gear and
as it rolls away the creature gets to the father
as dusk breaks the children are reunited with
their mother but the creature has followed them
she takes the children to the basement and the
daughter sees what the father has been working on
including the many hearing aids he had tried to
fix for her suddenly the lights start flickering
the creature has found them and as it's coming
down the mother aims at it with a shotgun all the
electronics glitch and disturb the creature the
daughter figures out that devices like her hearing
aid are its weakness and she turns hers on before
the creature can get to the newborn crying the
girl puts her aid to the radio and incapacitates
it a second later it rises but the mother shoots
it dead the lights start flickering again they
see on the monitors that more creatures are coming
so the daughter ups the volume on the radio
and the mother pumps the shotgun make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications so you can
watch more videos like this thanks for watching